[Communication] Update files for February release (#558)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-android: sdk/communication/azure-communication-common/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.0.0-beta.5 (2021-02-08)
### Breaking Changes

> - Deleted CallingApplicationIdentifier

Reviewer: CallingApplicationIdentifier is Removed

> ### Breaking Changes
> - Deleted CallingApplicationIdentifier
> - Deleted getId function from CommunicationIdentifier class

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Breaking Changes
- Removed `CallingApplicationIdentifier`.
- Removed `getId` method from the `CommunicationIdentifier` class.
```

### Added

> - New MicrosoftTeamsUserIdentifier constructor that takes a non-null CommunicationCloudEnvironment parameter

Reviewer: Let's add "." at the end of them all

Reviewer 2: I agree with Reza.

> ### Added
> - New MicrosoftTeamsUserIdentifier constructor that takes a non-null CommunicationCloudEnvironment parameter
> - Added class CommunicationCloudEnvironment
> - Added class CommunicationCloudEnvironmentModel
> - Added class CommunicationIdentifierSerializer
> - Added class CommunicationIdentifierModel
> - Added class MicrosoftTeamsUserIdentifierModel
> - Added class PhoneNumberIdentifierModel
> - Added class CommunicationUserIdentifierModel 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### New Features
- Added a new constructor to `MicrosoftTeamsUserIdentifier` that takes a non-null CommunicationCloudEnvironment parameter.
- Added class `CommunicationCloudEnvironment`.
- Added class `CommunicationCloudEnvironmentModel`.
- Added class `CommunicationIdentifierSerializer`.
- Added class `CommunicationIdentifierModel`.
- Added class `MicrosoftTeamsUserIdentifierModel`.
- Added class `PhoneNumberIdentifierModel`.
- Added class `CommunicationUserIdentifierModel`.
```

Author: But another guideline says: "Added".

https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/policies_releases.html#changelog-guidance

Author: I'll ignore the changelog-guidance and follow the release notes guideline. :-)

Reviewer 2: That's interesting, I need to talk to @czubair about this, I've seen a few libraries use the release notes guidelines instead, mostly due to automated scripts that picks up the changelog to populate each month's release notes.
